BHCexam xfail
ConcProg ok
FUpowerdot xfail
IEEEconf ok
IEEEtran ok
IMTEKda xfail
ReadableCV ok
RecipeBook ok
SPhdThesis ok
TOPletter xfail
URbeamer xfail
URletter xfail
UoWthesis ok
a0poster ok
aalok ok
aastex ok
aastex61 ok
aastex62 ok
aastex63 ok
aastex631 ok
abntex2 ok
abstbook ok
achemso ok,titleauth
acmart ok
acmconf xfail
active-conf ok
adfathesis ok
afparticle ok,titleauth
afthesis ok
agecon ok
aguplus xfail
aiaa-tc ok
ajae ok
akklecture ok,titleauth
akkscript ok
akktecdoc ok
akletter ok
ametsoc ok
amsart ok
amsbook ok
amsdtx ok
amsldoc ok
amsproc ok
aomart ok
apa ok
apa6 ok
apa6e xfail
apa7 ok
apecon ok
arabart ok
arabbook ok
arabrep ok
arabrep1 xfail
argetabelle ok
article ok
articleingud ok
articoletteracdp ok
artikel1 ok
artikel2 ok
artikel3 ok
asaetr ok
ascelike ok
asmeconf xfail
asmejour xfail
assignment ok
aucklandthesis ok
bangorcsthesis xfail
bangorexam xfail
bankstatement ok
barticle xfail
basque-book ok
bbook xfail
beamer ok
beamer-rl xfail
beamerswitch xfail
beaulivre ok
beilstein ok
beletter ok
bewerbung ok
bgteubner xfail
bidimoderncv xfail
bidipresentation ok
biditufte-book xfail
biditufte-handout xfail
bitart ok
bitbook ok
bletter ok
boek ok
boek3 ok
book ok
bookcover ok
bookest ok
bookshelf ok
br-lex xfail
brandeis-dissertation ok
brandeis-problemset ok
brandeis-thesis ok
brief ok
businesscard-qrcode xfail
bxjsarticle ok
bxjsbook ok
bxjsreport ok
bxjsslide ok
caesar_book ok
cas-dc xfail
cas-sc xfail
cascadilla xfail
cassete ok
cc xfail
cd ok
cd-cover ok
cesenaexam xfail
cheatsheet ok
chemmacros-manual xfail
chletter ok
cje xfail
cnbwp xfail
cnltx-doc ok
codedoc ok
colorart ok
colorbook ok
combine ok
confproc xfail
contracard ok
cours ok
courseoutline ok
coursepaper ok
cquthesis xfail
csbulletin ok
csbulobalka xfail
csbulv1 xfail
ctexart ok
ctexbeamer ok
ctexbook ok
ctexrep ok
ctxdoc xfail
curve ok
cv4tw ok
cweb xfail
dfgproposal xfail
dfgreporting xfail
dinbrief ok
disser xfail
dithesis xfail
droit-fr xfail
dtk xfail
dvdcoll ok
easybook ok
ebsthesis ok
ecca ok
ecv xfail
einfart ok
ejpecp xfail
elbioimp ok
elegantbook xfail
elegantnote xfail
elegantpaper ok
elpres ok
elsarticle ok
elteikthesis ok
emisa xfail
emulateapj ok
erae ok
erdc xfail
eskd xfail
eskdgraph xfail
eskdtab xfail
eskdtext xfail
estcpmm ok
etiketka ok
euproposal xfail
eureporting xfail
europasscv ok
europecv ok
europroc ok
exam ok
exam-n ok
examdesign xfail
exesheet ok
extarticle ok
extbook ok
extletter ok
extproc ok
extreport ok
facsimile ok
factura xfail
facture xfail
fancyhandout ok
fancyslides ok
fbithesis xfail
fcavtex ok
fdudoc xfail
fduthesis ok
fduthesis-en ok
fei xfail
ffslides xfail
fiche ok
fithesis ok
fithesis2 ok
fithesis3 ok
flacards ok
flashcard xfail
flashcards xfail
frletter ok
fsbispit xfail
g-brief ok
g-brief2 ok
gaceta ok
gammas xfail
gatech-thesis xfail
gmdocc ok
gost732 xfail
gradstudentresume ok
grant xfail
grant-afosr ok
grant-aro ok
grant-darpa xfail
grant-doe xfail
grant-nih xfail
grant-nrl xfail
grant-nsf xfail
grant-onr xfail
graphpaper ok
gridslides ok
gsemthesis ok
guitartabs ok
gzt xfail
gztarticle xfail
h2020proposal ok
harnon-cv xfail
hausarbeit-jura xfail
hcart xfail
hcletter xfail
hcreport xfail
hcslides xfail
hecthese ok
hepthesis ok
hgbarticle xfail
hgbreport xfail
hgbthesis xfail
hitec ok,titleauth
hithesis xfail
hitreport ok
hitszthesis xfail
hletter ok
hpsdiss xfail
hu-berlin-letter xfail
hustthesis xfail
hwexam xfail
iagproc ok
icsv ok
idcc xfail
ijdc-v14 xfail
ijdc-v9 ok
ijmart ok
ijsra xfail
image-gallery ok
imsproc ok
inkpaper xfail
invoice-class ok
iodhbwm ok
iscram ok
isodoc xfail
isov2 ok
itaxpf ok
iwhdp ok
jacow xfail
jarticle xfail
jbook xfail
jlreq xfail
jltxdoc xfail
jmlr ok
jmlrbook ok
jnuexam ok
journal ok
jpsj2 ok
jreport xfail
jrurstud ok
jsarticle xfail
jsbook xfail
jspf xfail
jsreport xfail
jura ok
jurabook ok
juraovw ok
juraurtl ok
kdgcoursetext ok,titleauth
kdgmasterthesis ok,titleauth
kerntest xfail
kiyou xfail
kluwer ok
knittingpattern ok
komacv xfail
ksp-thesis xfail
l3doc ok
labbook ok
langscibook xfail
leadsheet ok
leaflet ok
lebhart ok
lectures xfail
legislation xfail
letter ok
letteracdp ok
lettre ok
limap ok
limecv xfail
lion-msc xfail
lni ok,titleauth
lps ok
lt3graph-packagedoc xfail
ltjarticle xfail
ltjbook xfail
ltjltxdoc xfail
ltjreport xfail
ltjsarticle xfail
ltjsbook xfail
ltjskiyou xfail
ltjspf xfail
ltjsreport xfail
ltjtarticle xfail
ltjtbook xfail
ltjtreport xfail
ltnews ok
ltugboat ok
ltugproc ok
ltxdoc ok
ltxdockit ok
ltxguide ok
ltxguidex ok
ltxmdf xfail
matapli ok
matc3mem ok
mcmthesis ok
medstarbeamer xfail
meetingmins ok
memoir ok
mensa-tex ok
mentis xfail
metanorma ok
mikoslides xfail
milog ok
minimal ok
minimart ok
minimbook ok
mla xfail
mluexercise ok
mnras ok
moderncv xfail
modernposter xfail
movie ok
msu-thesis ok
mucproc xfail
mugsthesis ok
muling ok
musuos ok
muthesis ok
mwart ok
mwbk ok
mwrep ok
my-thesis ok
mycv ok
myletter ok
mynsfc xfail
nanicolle xfail
nature ok
ncc ok
nccproc ok
nddiss2e xfail
ndsu-thesis ok
newlfm ok
nih ok
nihbiosketch xfail
njf ok
njurepo ok
nlctdoc ok
nostarch xfail
novel xfail
nrc1 xfail
nrc2 xfail
nwejm xfail
nwejmart ok
oblivoir ok
oblivoir-utf xfail
oblivoir-xl xfail
octavo ok
oegatb xfail
omdoc xfail
onrannual ok
oup-authoring-template ok
paper ok
papertex xfail
pbsheet xfail
pdfArticle xfail
pecha xfail
petiteannonce ok
philosophersimprint ok
pittetd ok
pkuthss xfail
plari ok
play ok
plnews xfail
pocoec ok
postcards xfail
powerdot xfail
powersem xfail
ppr-prv xfail
pracjourn ok
pressrelease ok
proc ok
proposal xfail
prosper xfail
protocol ok
prtec xfail
ptptex ok
qcm ok
quantumarticle xfail
qyxf-book ok
rapport1 ok
rapport3 ok
recipe ok
recipecard xfail
refart ok
refrep ok
regstud ok
report ok
reporting xfail
resphilosophica ok
resumecls ok
revtex4 ok
revtex4-1 ok
revtex4-2 ok
rtklage ok
ryersonSGSThesis xfail
ryethesis xfail
sageep ok
sapthesis xfail
schuleab ok
schulein ok
schuleit ok
schulekl ok
schuleub xfail
schuleue ok
schullsg ok
schullzk ok
schulma-ab ok
schulma-gutachten ok
schulma-klausur xfail
schulma-komp ok
schulma-mdlprf ok
schulma-praes ok
sciposter ok
scrartcl ok
scrarticle ok
scrbook ok
scrdoc ok
screenplay ok
scrguide xfail
scrjrnl ok
scrletter ok
scrlttr2 ok
scrreport ok
scrreprt ok
sdapsclassic xfail
sduthesis ok
seminar xfail
semproc ok
sesamanuel xfail
seuthesix xfail
sffms ok,titleauth
shtthesis ok
sibjnm xfail
sides ok
simplecv ok
simpleresumecv xfail
simplethesisdissertation xfail
simplivre ok
simurgh-doc xfail
skbarticle ok
skbbeamer ok
skbbook ok
skblncsbeamer xfail
skblncsppt ok
skbmoderncv xfail
skdoc xfail
skeyval-testclass xfail
skrapport xfail
slides ok
smglom xfail
source2edoc ok
spie ok
sr-vorl ok
sslides ok
stage ok
standalone ok
subfiles xfail
suftesi xfail
sugconf ok,titleauth
tabriz-thesis ok
talk ok
tarticle xfail
tbook xfail
tcldoc ok
tclldoc ok
technionThesis xfail
thesis-ekf ok
thesis-gwu xfail
thesis-qom xfail
third-rep xfail
thuthesis ok
tikz-kalender ok
tikzposter ok
tlc-article ok,titleauth
toptesi ok
treport xfail
tudabeamer xfail
tudaexercise ok
tudaleaflet ok
tudaletter xfail
tudaposter xfail
tudapub xfail
tudasciposter ok
tudscrartcl ok
tudscrbook ok
tudscrdoc ok
tudscrmanual xfail
tudscrposter ok
tudscrreprt ok
tufte-book ok
tufte-handout ok
tui xfail
turabian xfail
turabian-researchpaper ok
turabian-thesis ok
ua-thesis ok
uafthesis ok
uantwerpenbamathesis ok
uantwerpencoursetext ok
uantwerpenexam ok
uantwerpenletter ok
uantwerpenmasterthesis xfail
uantwerpenphdthesis ok
ucalgmthesis ok
ucbthesis ok
ucdavisthesis ok
ucsmonograph ok
ucthesis ok
udesoftec xfail
uebungsblatt xfail
uestcthesis xfail
uhhassignment ok
uiucredborder ok
uiucthesis ok
ujarticle xfail
ujbook xfail
ujreport xfail
ulthese xfail
umich-thesis ok
umthesis ok
unam-thesis xfail
unifith ok
unitn-bimrep xfail
univie-ling-expose ok
univie-ling-paper ok
univie-ling-thesis ok
univie-ling-wlg xfail
unizgklasa ok
uothesis ok
upmethodology-document xfail
upmgr ok
uspatent ok
usthesis xfail
ut-thesis ok
utarticle xfail
utbook xfail
utexasthesis ok
utreport xfail
uwmslide ok
uwthesis ok
verifica ok
wallcalendar xfail
webquiz ok
willowtreebook ok
withargs-packagedoc xfail
wkmgr ok
worlddev ok
wsemclassic xfail
xduthesis xfail
xebaposter xfail
xepersian-magazine ok
xmuthesis ok
xoblivoir ok
xsim-manual xfail
yaletter xfail
yathesis ok
yazd-thesis ok
ycbook ok
ydoc xfail
york-thesis ok
